Edit: Add Codebyte to Javascript .getTime() (#4203)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/dates/terms/getTime/getTime.md

```shell
1672531200000
```

## Codebyte Example

> Below is a runnable codebyte which defines `today` as today's date and then converts it into Unix time by using the `.getTime()` method. A `console.log` then prints the value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a runnable codebyte which defines `today` as today's date and then converts it into milliseconds by using the `.getTime()` method. A `console.log()` then prints the value:
```
